 link to code pen 
https://codepen.io/ChrissyGleco/pen/mdyVoLm


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Is what adds meaning to the html rather than presentation
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Hyper Text Markup Language
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
	it modifies or edits the function of a element and we put it in the start tag of the element 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	the h1 tag is used for the most important element of a page, you should really only use it once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	images, and links 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<head></head> or <header></header>
    7. What is an id? 
	it specifies a unique identification of an element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	you can add it to any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	once
    10. What is a class? 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	It can be used on any element in html 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	once 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	use a anchor tag 
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	it is a alternative text that can be rendered when the element cannot be rendered 
    15. How do I reference an id?
	.class
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	it is used for styling a web page 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	It helps solve problems when multiple people are coding on the same project 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	it depends on the source and what you are doing but you should commit whenever you finish a step or before moving to something else 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
